.TH awsmockmgr 1 "24 Nov 2023" "version 0.5.112"
.SH [NAME]
awsmockmgr AwsMock manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B awsmockmgr [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
awsmockmgr is the mein AwsMock module manager. Each AwsMock service has its own module. The manager
starts/stops/restarts this modules. Supported modules are:
.TP
.B S3
AWS file store mock
.TP
.B SQS
AWS Simple Queueing System mock
.TP
.B SNS
AWS Simple Notification System mock
.TP
.B Lambda
AWS lambda function mock
.TP
.B Transfer
AWS Transfer Manager
.TP
.B Cognito
AWS Cognito mock
.TP
.B Gateway
AwsMock API gateway
.P
Per default the gateway runs on port 4566, but can be changed in the configuration file. The default configuration file
is
.I /etc/aws-mock.properties
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-daemon
Run AwsMock manager as a daemon.
.TP
.B \-\-umask
Set the daemon's umask (octal, e.g. 027).
.TP
.B \-\-pidfile\~ <path>
Write the process ID of the application to given file.
.TP
.B \-\-config\~ <configuration-file-path>
Starts the controller with a given configuration file. Per default the configuration file is
.I /etc/aws-mock.properties
.TP
.B \-\-loglevel\~ <level>
Starts the manager with the given logging level. Valid values are: trace, debug, information, warning, error, critical,
fatal
.TP
.B \-\-logfile\~ <path>
Writes the logging message to the given file.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Shows the current version and exists.
.TP
.B \-\-help
shows the usage screen and exists
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.BI awsmockmgr\~ \-\-daemon\~ \-\-loglevel\~ debug
Start the AwsMOck manager as background daemon process with the 'debug' log level.
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
.BI awsmockctl(1)
