.TH awsmockctl 1 "14 Nov 2023" "version 0.5.90"
.SH [NAME]
awsmockctl AwsMock controller
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B awsmockctl [OPTIONS] [COMMAND]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
awsmockctl controls and show some insides of the AwsMock AWS cloud simulation. Supported AWS modules are: SQS, SNS
S3, Cognito, TransferServer, Lambda. AwsMock is written in C++ and has a module structure, using different modules for
each AWS service plus a API gateway, which routes the requests to the different modules.
.P
Per default the gateway runs on port 4566, but can be changed in the configuration file. The default configuration file
is
.I /etc/aws-mock.properties
awsmockctl provides a series of commands, which control the different modules. It allows to start/stop different modules
as well as to show the current configuration.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-config\~ <configuration-file-path>
starts the controller with a given configuration file. Per default the configuration file
.I /etc/aws-mock.properties
will be used.
.TP
.B \-\-help
shows the usage screen and exists
.TP
.B \-\-version
shows the current version and exists.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.BI list
lists the currently running AwsMock modules like S3, SQS, SNS etc. Each line has the format:
.IP
SQS         RUNNING
SNS         STOPPED
.TP
.BI stop\~ <module>
stops the given module. Modules are S3, SQS, SNS, Transfer, Cognito. Modules names can be given case-insensitive.
.TP
.BI start\~ <module>
starts the given module.
.TP
.BI restart\~ <module>
restarts the given module.
.TP
.BI logs
shows the console logs of the AwsMock manager application
.I awsmockmgr.
.TP
.BI logLevel\~ <level>
sets the log level of the AwsMock manager
.I awsmockmgr. loglevel
can be one of: trace, debug, information, warning, error, critical or fatal.
.TP
.BI config
shows the configuration of the AwsMock API gateway.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
.in +4n
.EX
/usr/bin/awsmockctl list
SQS         RUNNING
SQS         RUNNING
S3          STOPPED
.EE
.in
.PP
.PP
.in +4n
.EX
/usr/bin/awsmockctl stop sqs
SQS         STOPPED
.EE
.in
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
.BI awsmockmgr(1)
